Web Browser:

function of browser
- It is a application software used to find,access,diplay and view websites.
- When We request over the network to the server, it responds with collection 
  of web content,brower interprets the content and displays the page
- The browser serve as a mediator between the end device and the website content

High level component of browser

- user iterface
	this includes the address bar, back/forward button, bookmarking menu
	
- browser engine
	will direct the action between ui and the rendering engine
	
- rendering engine
	responsible for displaying the visual representation of the web
	Blink	- chrome,opera
	Webkit 	- Safari
	Gecko 	- Firefox
	
- Networking
	To receive content, browser has to communicate over the network
	
- Interpreter
	For interactive logic and function, we rely on programming language but
	browser as no idea how to deal with javascript directly, it is done with interpreter
	chakra 			- Microsoft Edge
	SpiderMonkey 	- Firefox
	v8 				- Google Chrome
	
- Data storage
	To save all sorts data locally like cookies and local storage

Rendering engine
-	By default the rendering engine can display HTML and XML documents and images. 
	It can display other types of data via plug-ins or extension; for example, displaying 
	PDF documents using a PDF viewer plug-in
	
	Parsing --> Tree construction --> Layout --> Painting
	
Parsing
	The requested HTML page is parsed in chunks, including the external CSS files and 
	in style elements, by the rendering engine. The HTML elements are then converted 
	into DOM nodes to form a “content tree” or “DOM tree.”
	
Tree construction
	This tree includes both the styling information as well as the visual instructions 
	that define the order in which the elements will be displayed. The render tree ensures that the content 
	is displayed in the desired order.
Layout 
	When a render tree is created, the position or size values are not assigned. 
	The entire process of calculating values for evaluating the desired position is called a layout process.
	In this process,every node is assigned the exact coordinates. 
	This ensures that every node appears at an accurate position on the screen.
Painting
	The final step is to paint the screen, wherein the render tree is traversed, and 
	the renderer’s paint() method is invoked, which paints each node on the screen using the UI backend layer.

